one big jack I think it looks kinda cute
you know this is not the time or place
for that kind of thing oh I'm sure it's
having the same thoughts about Josh as
well
peasant hmm lunch let's focus before it
actually eats us
right
okay let's keep moving all right
that was the last of them we've
eradicated all of the extent Devils
beasts indeed after 20 years and since
we got the devil's arms
we got a twofer they sure weren't easy
to find now Jude seriously Alvin it's
probably nothing but don't these weapons
in what way I don't know quite how to
put it but they feel like they're not as
him
now that you mention it these are
weapons not forged by men but born from
beasts maybe the old man who told us
about the devil's beasts Nosa that's
true we can head back to SAP stratsi
Haven to see him